Someone is looking up to you. Don't let them down.
Run!!
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
You are about to become $8.95 poorer.($6.95 if you had the buffet)
18,000 children starve to death every day, They would've loved this cookie
Right there in front of you, all the darkness in the world.
Three can keep a secret if you get rid of 2
Did you just broke that little home of mine just to read this? Cmon
For rectal use only
About time I got out of that cookie.
If you eat something and nobody notices you eat it, it has no calories.
Someone in your life needs a letter from you.
Your heart will skip a beat.
A passionate new romance will appear in your life when you least expect it.
You will marry a professional athlete - if competitive eating can be considered a sport for you.
HELP! I'M BEING HELD PRISONER IN A CHINESE BAKERY.
You don't have to be faster than the bear, you just have to be faster than the slower guy running from it.
In youth and beauty, wisdom is rare.
Ask not what your fortune cookie can do for you but what you can do for your fortune cookie.
Enjoy Thyself while you can.
You are not illiterate.
If you think we're going to sum up your whole life on this little piece of paper, you're crazy.
I see money in your future....It's not yours though.
Some days you are pigeon, some days you are statue. Today, bring umbrella.
Your reality check about to bounce.
Wise person never try to get even. Wise person get odder.
Two days from now, tomorrow will be yesterday.
Your inferiority complex not good enough. Try harder.
Stop eating now. Food poisoning no fun.
You are cleverly disguised as responsible adult.
Drive like hell, you will get there.
Person who eat fortune cookie get lousy dessert.
Okay to look at past and future. Just don’t stare.
Wise person need either good manners or fast reflexes.
Soup was secret family recipe made from toad. Hope you liked!
You will soon have an out of money experience.
Probability of being seen directly proportional to stupidity of act.
He who dies with most toys, still dies.
Person who rests on laurels gets thorn in backside.
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Hard work pay off in future. Laziness pay off now.
Give person fish, he eat for day. Teach person to fish, he always smell funny.
