What are you most self-conscious about?

What is the most embarrassing picture of you?

What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a month?

What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?

What is the most childish thing you still do?

Have you ever let someone take the blame for something you did?

What do most of your friends think about you that is totally untrue?

Who here would you most like to make out with?

Have you ever cheated or been cheated on?

What lie have you told that hurt someone?

What is the meanest you have been to someone that didn’t deserve it?

What is something that people think you would never do but you have?

What was the worst encounter you had with a police officer?

Tell me about your most awkward date.

What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?

What is your deepest darkest fear?

Tell me about your first kiss.

Where is the strangest place you have peed?

Who is the person you most regret kissing?

Have you ever crapped your pants since you were a child?

What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?

What secret about yourself did you tell someone in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?

When was the most inappropriate time you farted?

What is the scariest dream you have ever had?

What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?

Why did you break up with your last boyfriend or girlfriend?

What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?

When was the last time you peed in bed?

Who is the sexiest person here?

What is the grossest thing that has come out of your body?

What terrible thing have you done that you lied to cover up?

Who have you loved but they didn’t love you back?

What is something that you have never told anyone?

What is the most disgusting habit you have?

What was the cruelest joke you played on someone?

What is the most embarrassing thing you have put up on social media?

What bad thing have you done that no one else found out about?

What was the most awkward romantic encounter you have had?

What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?

Tell me about the last time someone unexpectedly walked in on you while you were naked.

What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?

What is the biggest lie you have ever told?

What is the most embarrassing photo you have on your phone?

Describe your most recent romantic encounter.

What is the weirdest thing you have done for a boyfriend or girlfriend?

Who here has the nicest butt?

What is your biggest regret?

Is it true that you (whatever you or the group suspects they do / did)?

When was the last time you picked your nose without a tissue?

What do you really hope your parents never find out about?

Tell us your most embarrassing vomit story.

Tell me something you don’t want me to know.

Have you ever made out with someone here?

What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?

What have you done that people here would judge you most for doing?

What would you do if you were the opposite gender for a day?

Who is your crush?