#http://www.laughfactory.com/jokes/yo-momma-jokes/18

Yo' Mama is so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number."                    
Yo' Mama is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, "We are family, even though you're fatter than me."                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, "Sorry, no professionals."                    
Yo' Mama's so fat and old when God said, "Let there be light," he asked your mother to move out of the way.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat when she sat on WalMart, she lowered the prices.                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid when an intruder broke   into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn't find the "CALL" button.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat that Dora can't even explore her!                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly she made One Direction go another direction.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.                    
Yo' Mama's so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 Cent.
Yo' Mama so stupid she stuck a battery up her ass and said, "I GOT THE POWER!"                    
Yo' Mama's so dumb, when y'all were driving to Disneyland, she saw a sign that said "Disneyland left," so she went home.                    
Yo' Mama is so hairy, when she went to the movie theater to see Star Wars, everybody screamed and said, "IT'S CHEWBACCA!"                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat she doesn't need the internet, because she's already world wide.                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid she brought a spoon to the super bowl.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat when I told her to touch her toes she said, "What are those"?                    
Yo' Mama is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!                    
Yo' Mama's so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii Fit.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat when she went to KFC the cashier asked, "What size bucket?" and Yo' Mama said, "The one on the roof."                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly when she took a bath the water jumped out. 
Yo' Mama is so fat that when she saw a yellow school bus go by full of white kids she ran after it yelling, "TWINKIE!"                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, that when she went to the zoo, the hippos got jealous.                    
Yo' Mama's so ugly, when she goes into a strip club, they pay her to keep her clothes on.                    
Yo' Mama so ugly when she went into a haunted house she came out with a job application.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat she walked past the TV and I missed 3 episodes.                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly even Hello Kitty said, "Goodbye" to her                    
Yo' Mama so fat when she steps out in a yellow raincoat, the people yell, "TAXI!"                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid when your dad sad it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon!                    
Yo' Mama is so dumb that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly, she scared the shit out of the toilet.                    
Yo' Mama is so poor I saw her kicking a trash can so I asked, "What are you doing?" and she said, "I'm moving."                    
Yo' Mama is so fat she sat on the rainbow and Skittles came out. 
Yo' Mama's so fat, she got baptized at Sea World.                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid that when thieves broke in and stole the tv, she ran outside and yelled to them,"Hey, you forgot the remote!"                    
Yo' Mama so fat I tried driving around her and I ran out of gas.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, she has more rolls than a bakery.                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly Fix-It Felix said, "I can't fix it."                    
Yo' Mama is so fat when she stepped on the scale it read, "Get the hell off me!"                    
Yo' Mama is so old, I slapped her in the back and her boobs fell off.                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly she turned Medusa into stone.                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid that she sat on the TV to watch the couch.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, she wore a black bathing suit to the pool and everyone yelled "oil spill!"                    
Yo' Mama is so fat, when she sat on the back of the bus it did a wheelie.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, her baby pictures were taken by satellite.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a Twinkie in the street.                    
Yo' Mama's teeth are so yellow, that when she smiles, traffic slows down!                    
Yo' Mama so stupid, she got hit by a parked car.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, she tripped over Wal-Mart, stumbled over K-Mart, and landed on Target.                    
Yo' Mama's so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday!                    
Yo' Mama's so fat when I pictured her in my head she broke my neck.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat she can't even jump to a conclusion.                    
Yo' Mama is so poor that when I asked her whats for dinner tonight she lit her pocket on fire and said, "hot pocket."                    
Yo' Mama is so ashy, every time she rubs her arms it snows.                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.                    
Yo' Mama so stupid, she returned a donut because it had a hole in it.                    
Yo' Mama's so stupid she put paper on the television and called it paper view.  
Yo' Mama's so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.                    
Yo' Mama so ugly, she had to get the baby drunk so that she could breastfeed it.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat, when she stepped on a scale it said, "One person at a time please."                    
Yo' Mama so stupid she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.                    
Yo' Mama so dumb she tried to make an appointment with Dr. Pepper.                    
Yo' Mama's so smelly, that when she spread her legs, I got seasick.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat when she sat on an iPad she made a plasma TV.                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat she went to church with heels on and when she came back home they were flats.                    
Yo' Mama is so black, she got marked absent at night school.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, when she farted, she launched herself into orbit.                    
Yo' Mama's so poor that ducks throw bread at her.                    
Yo' Mama so stupid her password needed 8 characters, so she typed "Snow White and the 7 dwarfs."                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, her belt size is "Equator."                    
Yo' Mama so ugly she gives Freddy Krueger nightmares.                    
Yo' Mama so stupid she stuck a phone up her butt and thought she was making a booty call!                    
Yo' Mama is so hairy when she opens her legs it says "Welcome to Busch Gardens."                    
Yo' Mama is so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.                    
Yo' Mama so stupid, she tried to save a fish from drowning.                    
Yo' Mama so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven .                    
Yo' Mama so dumb when I said, "Drinks on the house," she got a ladder.                    
Yo' Mama so stupid she put two M&M's in her ear and said she was listening to Eminem.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat that the last time she saw 90210 was on the scale.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat on Halloween she threw on a white sheet and went as Antarctica.
Yo' Mama is so fat, the only good grade she got in school was an "A" in lunch.                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid when the judge said, Order! Order!" she said, "Fries and coke please."                    
Yo' Mama so fat when she registered for MySpace there was no space left.                    
Yo' Mama so ugly she has to sneak up on the mirror.                    
Yo' Mama is so poor she went running after the garbage truck with a grocery list.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, her measurements are 36-24-26, and that's just her left arm.                    
Yo' Mama so fat when stepped on a scale she said, "How does it know my credit card number?"                    
Yo' Mama so dumb that when she was locked in a grocery store she starved!                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid, she stopped her car at a stop sign and she's still waiting for it to turn green.                    
Yo' Mama is so short, when she went to meet Santa he said, "Go back to work!"                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly that when the Kool-Aid man broke through her wall he said, "Oh noooo!"        
Yo' Mama so stupid she thought Bruno Mars was a planet.                    
Yo' Mama is so stupid I told her spring was around the corner and she went looking for it.                    
Yo' Mama so dark when I clicked on her profile pic, I thought my phone died.                    
Yo' Mama is so fat when she took her dress to the dry cleaners they said, “Sorry, we don’t do curtains."                    
Yo' Mama's breath smelled so bad when she walked by a clock it said, "Tic Tac."                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, when she steps on a scale, it says, "Please step out of the car."                     
Yo' Mama's so ugly she makes the blind go crippled!                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, when she uses the keyboard she presses every key at once!                    
Yo' Mama's so stupid, she steals samples from stores!                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly her momma had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dog to lick her.                    
Yo' Mama so fat she fell out of the family tree.                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly when the devil saw her, he started praying.      
Yo' Mama's so ugly, when her house was being robbed, the mugger took off his mask and made her wear it.                    
Yo' Mama so stupid she sold her car for gas money.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, when she was floating in the ocean, Spain claimed her for the new world.                    
Yo' Mama so stupid, she tried to talk into an envelope to send a voicemail.                    
Yo' Mama so fat she got arrested for carrying 10 pounds of crack.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, when I swerved to avoid her in the street I ran outta gas.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat people jog around her for exercise.                    
Yo' Mama is so ugly, yo' daddy takes her to work with him so he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, the Hogwarts Sorting Hat put her in all 4 houses!                    
Yo' Mama so fat the bears have to hide their food from her when she goes camping.                    
Yo' Mama's teeth so yellow, I can't believe its not butter.                    
Yo' Mama jokes are old and overused just like Yo' Mama!                    
Yo' Mama's so fat, even Dora can't explore her.
Yo' Mama's armpit is so hairy it looks like she has Bigfoot in a headlock.
Yo' Mama is so stupid when I told her Christmas is right around the corner she went looking for it.
Yo' Mama is so fat that when she takes a shower her feet don't get wet.
Yo' Mama so ugly the Terminator said, "I won't be back."
Yo' Mama is so fat, when she pressed the UP button on the elevator it went DOWN.
Yo' Mama's so stupid, she tried to hug her reflection in the pool thinking it was her long lost twin, and drowned.
Yo' Mama's so fat, she only knows 3 letters of the alphabet: KFC.
Yo' Mama so ugly she is the reason they turn off the lights at the movie theater.
Yo' Mama is so fat, black holes get sucked into her.
Yo' Mama's so fat, I don't have to make a joke.
Yo' Mama so fat, she has her own zip code.
Yo' Mama's so broke that she couldn't even pay attention.
Yo' Mama so fat the only reason she took algebra in high school was because she heard there was gonna be some pi.
Yo' Mama's so fat, she wakes up in sections.
Yo' Mama's so fat, when she went to the beach, the whales sang, "We are family!"
Yo' Mama so stupid it took her four hours to watch "60 Minutes."
Yo' Mama so fat, Dracula sucked her blood and got diabetes.
Yo' Mama is so dumb she tripped over a cordless phone.
Yo' Mama is so old when her breast milk comes out it's powder.
Yo' Mama is so fat you need to take two trains and a bus just to get on her good side.
Yo' Mama is so stupid she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer.
Yo' Mama so stupid, she went to the eye doctor to get an iPhone.
Yo' Mama's so stupid she thought Taco Bell was the Mexican phone company.
Yo' Mama is like a campfire: everybody gets to stick their wieners in.
Yo' Mama so short when she tried to smoke weed she couldn't get high.
Yo' Mama's so fat she puts a cup of water in the bathtub and it still overflows!
Yo' Mama's so fat, she played the role of the boulder in the first Indiana Jones movie.
Yo' Mama's so poor I stepped in a puddle, and her head popped out and said, "WHAT ARE YOU DOINF IN MY BATHTUB!?"
Yo' Mama so fat her favorite food is seconds.
Yo' Mama so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo' Mama is so ugly, when she brought a pig into Walmart, the manager said, "Get that pig out of here," and the pig said, "Sorry, it won't happen again!"
Yo' Mama so fat, when she sweats she causes a tsunami.
Yo' Mama is so stupid, she walked into Walgreens and said, "These walls ain't green."
Yo' Mama is so fat when she sat on a quarter a booger came out of George Washington's nose.
Yo' Mama is so ugly she made my happy meal cry
Yo' Mama so ugly that her pillows cry.
Yo' Mama so dumb, she tried to surf the microwave
Yo' Mama so old, God was her first boyfriend.
If pigs could fly, Yo' Mama would have wings.
Yo' Mama so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo' Mama's so stupid, she thought Dickies were condoms for kids.
Yo' Mamas like a shotgun: two cocks and she blows.
Yo' Mama is so old she knew Burger King when he was a prince.
Yo' Mama so stupid, when she saw YMCA, she said, "Look, they spelled Macy's wrong."
Yo' Mama so ugly when she was born the doctor saw her butt and then her face and he said, "It's twins!"
Yo' Mama is so hairy when you were born you had carpet burn.
Yo' Mama's so old she used to babysit Jesus.
Yo' Mama is so fat it took Nationwide 2 years to get on her side.
Yo' Mama so black, I shot at her and the bullet came back and asked for a flashlight
Yo' Mama so fat she got a job at the movie theater as the screen!
Yo' Mama is so dumb, where it said, "Do not write here" on her application, she wrote "Ok."
Yo' Mama so fat when she goes into an elevator she has to go down.
Yo' Mama so stupid, she wanted an apple and went to the Apple Store.
Yo' Mama so fat she wakes up on both sides of the bed.
Yo' Mama is so stupid, she wanted to cancel a hockey game due to ice on the field.
Yo' Mama so poor, when I saw her walking down the street with one shoe on, I stopped and said, "You lost a shoe!" and she said, "No, I found a shoe!"
Yo' Mama is so fat that when she showed up to watch a sumo wrestling tournament, they gave her the trophy.
Yo' Mama is so fat, Bill Gates became broke after buying her dinner.
Yo' Mama is so ugly that when I told her to do the robot, R2-D2 got herpes.
Yo' Mama's so fat, that when she rubs her thighs together, I smell bacon.
Yo' Mama's hair is so full of dandruff, when she shook her head, the principal called a snow day.
Yo' Mama so fat that when aliens came to invade us they said, "Wow! Two planets in one."
Yo' Mama is so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a Bluetooth.
Yo' Mama so poor her front door and back door are on the same hinges.
Yo' Mama so fat, she doesn't need internet, she's already worldwide.
Yo' Mama so fat she uses a mattress as a maxi pad.
Yo' Mama's like a bowling ball: finger that bitch, then chunk her in the gutter.
Yo' Mama so fat her belt loops have mile markers.
Yo' Mama's so poor that she has to lick people's fingers when they come out of KFC!
Yo' Mama is so fat she tripped over Tokyo and landed in Hawaii.
Yo' Mama's so hairy when she went too the zoo everybody screamed, "The gorilla's loose!"
Yo' Mama's so fat, when we asked her what her hometown is, she said, "Buffet."
Yo' Mama's so fat, she fell into the Grand Canyon and got stuck!
Yo' Mama is so stupid she took the puzzle back to the store because she thought it was broken!
Yo' Mama so fat she uses the 101 fwy for a slip 'n' slide!
Yo' Mama is so fat when she wants her photo taken she has to call Google Earth.
Yo' Mama's so dumb, when your aunt had twins, she asked Yo' Mama to name them. She named one Denise, and the other Denephew.
Yo' Mama is so stupid, she put a quarter in a parking meter and said, "Where's my gumball?"
Yo' Mama's so fat, when she ordered a water bed, they put a blanket over the Atlantic Ocean.
Yo' Mama's so fat when she went to In and Out she couldn't get in or out.
Yo' Mama's so ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower.
Yo' Mama's so fat, she IS the circle of life.
Yo' Mama's so stupid, she thought Free Willy was a porno film.